# DCG Software Value - Agile Competency Development (ACD) 
This project was done as part of my senior project in a group of five (5) people, using the Agile SCRUM methodolgy. <br/>
All properties belong to DCG Software Value

Below is the description of the project. 

>Since it was founded in 1994, the David Consulting Group (DCG) has developed and sustained an international reputation as one of the leading authorities on how to build better software. Over the years, DCG has built reputations for using its expertise to benefit its clients struggling with software measurement, software quality management, and Agile. As we have worked with clinets to implement organization structures and new roles associated with agile software development onto the traditional career development structures that Human Resources departments set up in large organizations. For example, traditionally as developers acquire and demonstrate leadership capabilities they will prgoress through the Developer 1, 2 and 3 grades (or similar) to team leads and then department or project managers. In Agile (typically implemented as scrum), team leads, department, and project managers are replaced by lean-agile leaders acting as servant leaders such as scrum masters or agile coaches. It is not clear that HR departments in large organizations have made the transition to new career development models (or pay grades!). In 2016, DCG will be launching a service, Agile Capability Development, for the HR departments of organizations to enable them to implement a DCG framework for managing the career development of individuals working in Agile Software Development groups. Our aim for this project is to build and test an ACD Support Environment to provide the various services necessar for ACD in one website. We have lots of ideas for ways to add value to the marketplace but this initial project will be aimed at building and testing a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) that we can use to show our concept and get potential user feedback. Project Functional Requirements Design and build software that will allow DCG to start demonstrating the DCG ACD Framework, supporting SFIA-based job descriptions and assessments to HR departments who are willing to be early adopters. We will require studnets to use the Scrum Agile Methodology (we will provide training) with the following initial product backlog (hoped for deliverables) for the MVP: Top level menu with the following links to sub-menus: 1 - About the DCG ACD Framework (sub-menu will need to contain a description of the framework including a video with links to download further materials. DCG will provide all content.) 2 - Roles and Job Descriptions (sub-menu will need to contain a description of the roles and SFIA-based job descriptions created by DCG. DCG will provide all content.) 3 - Creating Personnel Accounts (sub-menu will allow the creation, review, and editing of accoutns for individual employees. Account creators from HR will need to be able to select a role for the individual and a job description. The accounts will need to be able to capture an individual's experience, certifications, and assessment results.) 4 - Individual Assessments (sub-menu will allow access to individual assessments through links to an external system ((details to be provided by DCG)). The result of the assessments should be loadable to the underling database.) 5 - HR Admin (sub-menu will allow access to add individual employees and HR staff to the system, each with role-based based accessibility. HR users should be able to look up individuals by name, role, level, certification or job description on a search screen.) Project NonFunctional Requirements The Agile SCRUM methodology should be used to develop the solution. Security and Privacy should be built into the design. The solution should be available over an internet connection. The software should run in the cloud. The software should be huilt using an established tool and, if possible, existing open source code, that is universally available at low cost for DCG and free to use without license for DCG's clients. This is important because DCG will need to be able to maintain and extend the tool after the project. The preferred relational database is MySQL.
source: http://www.lf.psu.edu/students/Projects.cfm?pid=1336
